everybody welcome action online please
abiding rising after birth plus that's
right it's not after birth anymore this
is my own modded version it's called
afterbirth where I get all the good
items ever and you can't have my seed
traveller because my seed is too strong
for you zip pom to gives me an idea for
a ez JavaScript project afterbirth seed
or Star Wars character zip Ponte was
from the forest moon of Endor they use a
grog salesman in a walk village anyway
this is getting ridiculous
let's go burning baseman one we we had
like some weird duality of man stuff
with our last few Lazarus episodes like
I mean first off we random Lazarus over
and over which was actually pretty cool
for the most part I had a good time
playing his Lazarus hope you had a good
time watch me play his Lazarus two runs
ago we got crazy strong right off the
bat and then didn't get much stronger
for the rest of the run but kind of
steamrolled and then on the last run
we started out pretty weak and then
eventually like gradually got stronger
as the run went on it ended up you know
carrying it through to its logical
conclusion eventually but it wasn't the
most entertaining run on pixels which is
the digital version of on paper just
wasn't have that kind of that dynamism I
don't know if that's a real word it
sounds like a political philosophy and
that worries me but it's it didn't have
that that a hutzpah didn't have that
junus a qua you know it didn't have the
cojones it didn't have there's no words
in English that can be used to describe
this is what I'm trying to get to you
you got a resort to get assured you know
the old Russian Valyrian anyway let's
see what we got going on here Maggie run
actually is like the least mad I've ever
been about Randleman Maggie because as
long as you get that speed upgrade once
you get for like getting all of the
posting completed as Maggie it's
actually no problem whatsoever and we
might be able to open this I can't
recall we might as well
I thought about it I did because I paid
for it but I wanted to open a golden
chest and get enough money to get an
arcade because then we can maybe get
blood bag or IV bag and we get IV bag we
can have unlimited money to buy whatever
we want and hopefully we can make Maggi
starts a pot but I really do think you
know Meggie is is not as hated as she
used to be but even like the details or
the reports of her death I thought were
greatly exaggerated to begin with
starting with zero point seven speed not
good but usually four HP is enough to
enough to get you out of that hellhole
before things become truly terrible but
you know it's it's a consensus thing as
well you know just everybody's got
different strengths of weaknesses in the
game see I suck at dodging a lot of the
time to begin with so having zero point
seven speed didn't negatively affect my
dodging you know like if you already
you're drinking milk out of a dirty Cup
I don't think we can do anything with
that then one extra speck of dirt I
guess doesn't really hurt it just you
know makes you think I'm going to go to
the item room here if you're drinking
milk out of a clean Cup and there's a
you know a little bit of soil in it all
of a sudden that's terrible I don't know
where this metaphor came from or what
it's supposed to mean okay well they're
really making up for our the situation
that we had on the last room you got a
tech point five already right off the
bat here and then holy mantle so I
wouldn't say we're unkillable but
there's probably like a near zero chance
we can be killed so I'm a very happy
camper right now and really we could
afford to lose all of our red hearts on
this deal with the devil and still
probably be completely fine just because
of holy mantle which honestly like I've
been in my head trying to figure out how
much HP is holy mantle worth like would
you rather start a run as Judas or the
lost in terms of winning like who has a
better chance of winning I think it
actually it sounds ridiculous but I
think it might be the lost at least at
least for me I'll tell you what I don't
think we want to take a little brim here
or sorry I don't think we want to take
brim we can just take well you know what
what's what's the same factor you
the same factories you take them both
and then you go down to one spirit heart
and try to make it pop originally I was
going to say I'm not going to take brim
because it seems a little too easy but
then I remembered but first off I don't
think we've had brimstone in quite some
time actually and then I remembered one
HP holy mantle is actually like where I
want to be we're on almost lost levels
here so of course if we get a red hearts
for red heart containers I should say
we're going to probably steamroll the
game and there's no avoiding that but I
don't think that's necessarily a bad
thing to begin with Plan C Plan C no
Plan C is just useless I wish it weren't
so like the lyrics to save tonight by
Eagle Eye cherry but it is so and that's
a problem we forget that Eagle Eye
cherry of Swedish it's not like there's
anything wrong with that dude that we
are steamed in here so there's anything
wrong with that
of course been to Sweden I have very
little recollection one too many $18
beers I think I stayed in a boat on a
river near I want to call it City Hall
but it might have actually been a palace
anyway where we got here friends till
the end I just I always forget cuz when
I think Eagle Eye cherry I think that is
a man who was born on you know a
compound somewhere near like Berkeley
California I say that as a proud denizen
and citizen of the west coast it's met
with Noah with no ill will we can get a
little bit more money out of this and
like Gothenburg Sweden well I never got
a positively Yin's Lachman sort of
situation on our hands okay just give me
a red heart that's I mean it was a
freaky anyway so I'm not too bummed but
you know what let's let's milk it for
deal with deal with the devil chance
instead we got some of our money back
functionally speaking roughly a 50%
chance of a deal with the devil we
really don't need
a deal with the devil at this point I
would like to up our damage but we don't
need to at least not like any time in
the near vicinity and you can hate mom's
knife all you want by the way
mom's knife is an item that hilarious at
first time I don't think we can afford
it to begin with so we're going to stay
away from it but it would be nice to be
able to shoot the knives because I think
it actually is the exception that proves
the rule of what I was about to say
mom's knife rarely has good synergies on
the other hand brimstone has a ton of
fun synergies and isn't really like a
steamroll situation most of the time by
itself so you can hate on mom's knife
but a rare brimstone pickup makes me a
happy boy 45% deal with the devil chance
you know you may take issue
statistically I agree with you 42
percent is not functionally the same as
50% but if you're only doing like one
dice roll you know 40 percent is 50/50
as far as I'm concerned I mean it's
literally not I'm aware of that but you
know for a short hand it's like the sort
of thing where you know we were doing if
we were in the wild somehow and we had
to calculate like the surface area of
the circle and I was like well for pie
I'm just going to use 3.14 and then some
was like whoa but actually pi is 3.14159
for seven you know that kind of lost the
plot after a few there but it's good
enough for a back of the napkin
calculation let's grab this
who's going to say like going a little
slow but it's actually quite the
opposite we're going like very very
quickly so we want not to see a deal
with the devil here actually well you
know what with one HP now we will take
mom's knife and we'll still have enough
spirit arts left to keep us going here
but now we'll shoot a bunch of knives
out instead of a bunch of brimstone
lasers or a single brimstone laser and
it's still like completely fine I mean
it should be very clear at this point
that this run well not completely
unusable is very very unlikely to be
lost I also believe in the power of the
guppy dream you've gotten so many red
chests relative to the number of red
chests you'd expect to have to start a
run or did in the early stages of a run
that I just believe in the power of us
being able to get that transformation I
don't know if it works with mom's knife
see I don't know if it's like mom's
knife the way it does take some damage I
don't know if that's what makes it so
it's not part of the guppy lexicon as
far as like good guppy transformation
synergies go or if it's actually like a
special property built in the moms knife
that's like ignore guppy because this is
already too good because brimstone guppy
is excellent so if the knives take on
the properties of the brimstone Laser
repeating of course then there should be
brimstone synergies here but it to be
honest with you I probably had moms
knife brimstone guppy before I mean
we're getting to the point where we're
almost in like Simpsons did it levels of
of issac play where whenever I go like
ah you know what's going on with this
it's probably already happened once I've
probably already done it and just lost
temporarily lost memory of it or perhaps
even consciousness who knows so it's a
hard life here locked in my Isaac prison
recording more Isaac content and making
bad jokes like I'm so thirsty you
already know 64 ounces daily of
life-giving h2 well dude that fancy is
like 2 years old at this point actually
fancy is three years old is that a 2014
banger because I always catch on the
songs that are popular and half-decent
like six months after they come out like
kate is trying to modernize my music
taste it's a futile endeavor
I will only ever for the rest of my life
lives in the contraband the best of men
at work the only perfect album ever
created but Sheba she listens the
popular radio station when she's driving
I got to be honest with you a lot of it
not really my speed you know there's uh
a lot of Shawn Mendes not really mine my
style you know a lot of kind of thing
what else comes on Demi Lovato you know
today's superstar Cher
no no Cher unfortunately but every
summer there's like one song that I'm
like this one it's kind of grabbed me
and a few years ago was fancy I was like
this is kind of like a grimy beat I can
sort of respect even though it's
obviously like you know to commercialise
which I'm not necessarily against and
then like two years ago that oh I think
that I found myself a cheerleader
no deal I thought we got a deal there I
don't know what it was last summer to be
honest with you but this summer it's
this one that you know that and get the
beach house in Miami or something in my
Jamie trying to think is something in
the fast lane go put some miles on it
it's I think it's called it that's what
I like or lucky for you that's what I
like and you're going to say NL that's a
bad song you should be listening to the
new Kendrick album I have it on my
unlimited google play a music
subscription service not a sponsored
video but hey you to get that if you get
YouTube bread as well I don't have a
youtube red official series sponsored by
YouTube because I pitched them I was
like what have you just sponsored me
playing The Binding of Isaac and they
said I don't understand what you do and
I said to be honest with you me neither
and you know talks are at a standstill
right now but maybe one day but I have
not listened to it yet
the most recent full album I listens who
was the pimp a butterfly two years ago
two and a half I guess of this play I'm
not bragging about it I'm just saying
you know
lucky for you that's what I like it is
the reason I don't listen to that much
new music is to be honest with you I
don't necessarily value contemporary
music and old music that I'm not
familiar with differently you know as
far as I'm concerned I've never heard
Miles Davis's landmark album bitches
brew so you know that says new of an
album to me as the most recent Carly Rae
Jepsen don't take that as a slight at
Carly Rae Jepsen Canadian Idol runner-up
pop princess and I believe the the
hometown Vancouver British Columbia so
we got to give some you know give some
respect to the 604 we've got a couple
different area codes now but that's
that's the og area code that's how you
know you got like a you got a primo
number you get a call from a 604 number
you're like it's either Carly Rae Jepsen
one of the Sedin twins or the government
okay where we go
just keep moving you know I've never
heard I mean obviously I have heard
Bruce Springsteen's landmark 1975 album
Born to Run but if I hadn't you know
that's new music it's new to me anyway
you know I've never heard Thomas Edison
records man sneezing for the first time
ever so why would I listen to the new
migos album when I could listen to six
seconds of Teddy Roosevelt given the
State of the Union address in 1908 this
has become more than the average
caricature okay we got the Empress we're
all ready I mean this is the steamy as
the steamroll runs at this point we
basically are just going to run buck
wild over this just take one makes you
larger get it out of your system
we cannot be hurt when this is like I
don't know why the game is chosen to be
so nice to us recently but I'm obviously
very thankful for it we may want to do
boss rush because we're going to make it
the boss rush by like 15 minutes
that's rare and rip of green I think is
fine it's just unfortunate that rib of
Greta's also corresponded with a run in
which we've gotten like actually barely
enough money to make two shops worth
while we did buy one big shop item I
thought didn't like me we didn't I don't
know it did I've been I've been lost on
my own my own world on this run to begin
with this what happens when they give
you brimstone and mom's knife right off
the get-go we are still dealing with
4.08 damage but you know when each knife
does 4.0 a damage and you shoot like 70
knives every time you press the button
down feels good but you know that's
going to be enough that's what I'm
trying to suggest here at the same time
it's always nice to have these runs that
are a little on the easier side from
time to time because you don't always
get a steamroll and it also opens up the
commentary to be a little saying here it
really does you might be asking this is
probably going to come out like a week
after e3 and maybe slightly more because
of the nature of my backlog but III is
going on right now and we went to e3
last year and I liked it I actually per
my for my money which it was III is like
one of my favorite conventions to go to
because it's at least last year now it's
open to the public so it's a little
different but last year it was just like
it was professional and not that busy
and everybody there was like in the
industry so it was like you know you
know people I guess is what I'm trying
to suggest without coming across like a
snob but to be honestly when it came
time to come to III this year originally
we planned on doing it because it's kind
of like you know when you're in the
gaming industry you can justify it I'm
going to give you like a dirty little
secret that you know is going to get me
blacklisted by my my friends and
colleagues here but most of the time
when you're going to a convention you
can justify it as like a business
expense but when you have to justify it
to your community you know people are
like that's that's work you know that's
networking I don't know how much
networking there actually is in the
streaming industry like
maybe maybe there's some but is what I'm
trying to get at is it's kind of like a
pseudo vacation most it's like I like
video games so I'm going to go do this
semi work-related thing to video games
but also it's let's be honest is sort of
a vacation nothing don't do some work
there but like you know I I've been down
that cycle a few times you know you go
see appointments for like you know all
these games and then when they come out
you're like I play that at e3 I don't
really want to play it now it's just
it's old me in the other direction but
whoo dude what if we go straw here give
it a shot but anyway we ultimately I put
the kibosh on e3 this year because I
just want to I realized like I don't I
don't care about the gaming industry
like I care about games and I don't care
about like I just watched like 30
minutes of the EA press conference so
this is not me trying to be a hipster
but they they played like a bunch of
Star Wars Battlefront 2 and to thine own
self be true I looked at it and I was
like that game actually looks good from
a visual standpoint and from a gameplay
standpoint it looks beautiful and
engaging but I was like man I didn't
mean to spend $1,100 on a round-trip
flight to LA to see that I've been
playing the same game for 3,000 runs
here on YouTube and honestly that's
where I'm happy it's like I was thinking
what would I want to see is the e3 press
conference that would make me like the
happiest boy in the world sincerely it
would be hey all of our sports games are
going to be on PC now that would be the
one where I'd be like I'm dude you guys
won e3 Congrats now I can lead Bo Horvat
to the Conn Smythe Trophy because we're
probably never going to see that in real
life in all likelihood but you know a
man can dream well yeah like I think
I've accepted that and this is not a
negative I mean it is a positive you
know most of the time my time is better
spent making videos and streaming doing
what I like as opposed to like well what
does what does this mean for the
industry and I don't begrudge anybody
that takes that approach but
Lincoln more more except the role that
I'm a guy who likes video games but
doesn't really care where the industry
goes which is why you know on roundtable
I'm I'm always the guy who's like well
what does this mean for the industry and
I'm like I don't know but I think this
particular thing is good or bad doesn't
it set a bad precedent I got no idea man
you got those fat cats in the suits
writing the checks that are decided that
stuff I'm just here to support it or
decry it you know I will occasionally
take a stand I guess but I no one's more
surprised than me that my my recent pet
cause on the on the roundtable podcast
is defending the Nintendo switch a
console that you know when I watch the
reveal of it I said I don't understand
this is just like a phone with a
joystick attached to it and then we got
one and for the first like week and a
half I was like I don't get it
is this like a phone like I don't really
want to play Zelda right now and we have
ones who switch but it's pretty terrible
what do I do with it and then Mario Kart
8 came out and I was like I totally
understand this device and want nothing
more than to spend every waking hour
with it so I don't know I just kind of
play it as it comes but yeah that's why
I'm not at e3 I also feel like you know
as I get older I value times I know this
is antithetical to say in a young
person's game and I am still a young
person unlike a cosmic sense at least
value like time spent with my family
more you know I only see my parents of a
couple - a few times a year they live
across the country and I was faced with
the choice you know I want to spend a
week at e3 like making tweets about what
is the old project Scorpio what does
this mean for the Xbox one you know I
don't really care for the most part I
got one and it plays Game of Thrones
okay sometimes or I could like go hang
out with the people who gave birth to me
and whose comfort
I genuinely enjoy you know as a peer for
like some of the first times in my life
instead of simply like a caretaker and
person taking care of sort of
relationships so you know if we're going
to do I don't want to do both because
they got to do my job I'd rather just I
just been out of my family man and now
you're getting old man old Enel would
have spent time tweeting about the Hovis
method in the microprocessor from the
Xbox one instead of spending time with
his life giver I that's satire I don't
think anybody actually thinks that I'm
just I'm pulling back the veil on what
is effectively like the easiest run I've
ever seen in my adult life here we might
be able to make it to the Hajj fight in
under 30 minutes I don't begrudge
anybody if anything I feel like I'm I
know once a in the wrong but in the
minority on III people that are not even
in the gaming industry are like hey come
check out my twitch channel I'm you know
like a hobbyist streamer but I'm gonna
stream all the e3 stuff because I love
the industry I like that's cool man I'm
genuinely I have been there at times in
my life I'm not I'm not at all sick of
games I love games Yelich you know Isaac
in dead cells and battlegrounds and
stuff like that I've been playing lately
like these are not cynically for work
these are these are games I genuinely
enjoy and think about in my off time
give me here's the storm I've been
enjoying a MOBA I just sort of am at a
point where I don't care about the
industry I care about the art more than
that you know the commerce aspect I
suppose and it's a very going to take
two wheel of Fortune's it's a very
self-righteous way to think about it but
and I'm not trying to come at it from
that position I would begrudge anybody
who does care about the like you know
the overarching what does this mean for
our industry sort of conversations I'm
glad to be in hand but I'm also glad
that I don't have to have them straight
up we made a bad decision to take the
straw like I overate that item a little
bit
guppies head was crushing it but we'll
replace it as we just did with Pandora's
box and we'll use Pandora's box to
hopefully generate like a Godhead sort
of situation wouldn't be the worst thing
in the world
we've only got a 33% chance to deal with
the devil so bloodbag doesn't really oh
well nevermind I will definitely take it
because let's put the eternal art and
everyone permanent polaroid
invincibility either way so but we're I
mean let's be honest we don't need
anything on this run we could get like
almost every bad item in the game and
still be completely fine so this is
going to be a win the random streak it
rings a little hollow because we haven't
had any not good damage obviously we
haven't had any loss runs we haven't had
any keeper runs but become
well-positioned to enjoy some of those I
actually got hit I actually got hit
twice it's like a new world all right
well I gotta close this up here yet that
the its people talking about e3 I feel
like I'm but I'm sitting at a different
table now alright um let's find ash
we're so early like it wouldn't feel
right for me to not fight hush it
wouldn't be the one feel right for me to
not find an optional boss on this strong
run and although I find the boss quite
loathsome furnace this time it will be
fun I'm still searching for a
transformation can I please see the copy
[Music]
animation we got me the Sun do-do-do-do
neck slacks all right well you know what
we'll donate a bunch of money this
turned out to be largely a pitiful waste
but hey nine hundred and fifty cents in
the donation machine we're finally
coming back here
and I mean Goathead does nothing and
Bob's rotten head will never do anything
we could look for some special rooms
like actually this would be a great time
to get a going on there be a great time
to get a black market give away some of
this HP let's be honest like we're not
going to use our bombs if we get stabbed
okay there we go
if we get sad bombs I'll be disappointed
and it's fine not mad at blocked shots
at least this would be a great time to
get sad bombs and if we did we would be
like I wish I hadn't spent so many bombs
back there to get big chub but not that
bad
certainly obviously the big damage here
does come from actually hitting the
enemy with a knife but that's not always
going to be easy to do here and I'd
rather keep holding mantle alive as long
as possible because there's some damage
from hush I would say is not unavoidable
but it's difficult to avoid so the more
the more time ordered let's just say the
longer I can keep holy mantle active
here the better our standing will be
when we leave here where it's not the
better our chances of winning because
like I'm pretty sure our chances of
beating Hoshi are essentially 100
but the better position will be as
things progressed here so there goes
holy mantle that was not the way I
wanted to lose that usually that's flies
exactly so yeah that's how I feel about
you three you might say NL what about
pax pax is different packs I've settled
into a groove with pax for one we don't
go to out of our like area pax is that
much anymore because of the fact that
like it's I mean it's expensive to go
there for one but to like I wasn't
getting much value out of you you know
you shake hands with developers and you
play some stuff and maybe like one game
of pax you go I never would have heard
about this or not for a pax and now like
this looks really cool let's play it on
the show that does happen but it's you
know the juice to some extent isn't
worth the squeeze just financially
speaking but now when we go to pax we go
to the tanks West in Seattle because
it's a three-hour drive away and again
it's like a nice vacation for us but
it's also like because that show is so
like gamer focused it's a good
opportunity for us to to meet fans
basically and you know to have
conversations with fans and I think
that's like the cool part of the pax for
us now it definitely like the first time
I went to pax with a media badge I was
like I can do anything I can get out of
here don't you see the you little yellow
tag on my badge I can skip the line I
could sell four copies of this game if
people really liked it where we going
here we go just go up to the Cathedral
but but yeah now as much sometimes like
it gets awkward this is good I'm
tripping over myself to make myself
sound like a nice guy here to some
extent but you know sometimes developers
they'll see that you've got this
different kinds of badges you're gonna
have a pax you're like you can have like
a media badge which implies that you
work in the media you have a regular
badge you have an exhibitor badge which
is like you're exhibiting something at
the show in case that's not abundantly
clear and you know sometimes developers
will see the media badge and they'll be
like you know do you want to skip the
line and previously it was like a hell
yeah you know I understand if you
working like IGN or something like that
and you're like I see 40 games today
this would be very helpful for me and
could also help you as well but now I'm
like nah man these people you know they
paid like a hundred sometimes more than
a hundred bucks to get in the door you
know pay for flights hotels stuff like
that and they I can wait in line with
everybody else you know I'm okay with
that I want to skip the line most of the
time there will be someone in the
comments is like I saw in LA I don't
know why I use that voice because I
disagree with them I guess but I saw NL
impacts in 2014 and he skipped a line
and cost me my chance to play nidhogg
look if that actually happened I'm sorry
but I am I'm sceptical I don't remember
that specific situation I believe I ever
played nidhogg at PAX I did play nidhogg
two attacks and we waited in line like
normal people and I remember that
because it was two months ago three
months ago I don't know 2017 is going by
crazy fast for me I have a theory that
I'm not even sure it's one of those
theories that seem so obvious that when
I say it I'm pretty sure people are
going to be like yeah that's a thing
it's called this stop pretending you
invented it but it's converged
convergent evolution I assure you I feel
like when I was like 10 years old
one month felt like one year feels in my
life now like the older you get the the
lower a percentage of your lifetime each
unit of time is if that makes sense
trying to think of how to explain it you
know like one year when you're 10 is 10%
of your life we don't really need that
one year when you're when you're almost
30 years like 3% of your life so the
years for me I feel like on a relative
scale or just flying by days are
obviously the same length oh dude peep
it
ah picture yourself with the dance panty
gambits you've got to the chest
mm within 30mins a dangerous item shows
itself so bustling there you jeopardize
your win see that's Lucy in the Sky with
Diamonds but I didn't really think about
how to tie it back to the existence of
the crooked penny there which I also
called dad's penny but that time I had
an excuse because it syllabic Lee was
not going to work out with crooked penny
anyway that's that's my perspective on
time I know I'm 14 and this is deep but
you get the idea it's not like I'm
maligning it if anything I'm like damn
dude do you know I'm like Wonder Woman
came out Captain America's Civil War
came out six weeks ago and Wonder
Woman's out already and they say well
actually that's I came out you know last
year and I say no no they came out right
after the Avengers and they say NL the
Avengers came in 2012 and I say no no it
didn't it came out last year
Iron Man came out three years ago I say
like I had the last Iron Man movie was
like four years ago I know you get
confused you know in your old age you
know the early onset dementia
I still say like you know we're now at
the point where I would say like almost
everybody in the in our in our circle of
collaborators is not old but old enough
that you don't have to say they're a
young adult they I don't know how we
created that by the way that that
eternal heart there linger beam must
have been linger people
like it's not that they're not young
people but you don't have to say young
adult anymore there's the dulls and I
noticed like this rings true for them as
well
when you ask like Rob how old he is he
has to go uh and I'm like say no more I
think this I have to think the same
thing sometimes sometimes my wife goes
like you know what's it like to be 29
and I say huh it's not that much
different than 28 and I think about it
and I'm like wait a minute I'm 28
I don't know if it's like to be 29 yeah
but anyway thanks for watching this was
like 29 minutes hope you enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
upside a great deal of course it's crap
you're on see more in the future but for
now thanks for watching and uh course of
course so we say now of course
my name is goofy hmm my god fired from
Disney World for a little conduct okay
Lobby Disney I'll see you guys next time
thanks for watching thanks for your
support see ya